Shannon mister
jail
property or
take
coffee, please
I am so excited that this time tomorrow morning grandpa will be sitting in the kitchen with us.
And does he arrive?
6 o'clock this evening?
By plane?
By train.
Are we picking him up at the station?
Not grandpa.
He doesn't want anybody picking him up.
He likes to be independent.
Let's go up and prepare grandpa's room.
Great. Let's do it.
What a mom's board.
I have fellas.
Oh, come on.
Morning, ma'am.
We're going upstairs to set up grandpa's room.
There's coffee ready.
I'm really excited about seeing grandpa.
Me too.
Milk, please.
He's so funny. He always makes me laugh.
I hope grandpa's going to like living with us.
I think he will.
It just takes time to feel comfortable in a new place.
Won't he miss being in Florida?
Well, he will, but I think he'll like being here with a family.
Are you sure about that?
It's crazy here most of the time.
But it's fun.
That's for sure.
You know, maybe I'll put together some photos of grandpa's
a welcome present.
That's a neat idea.
What can I do?
I've got it.
I have a picture of grandpa and dad me and my wallet.
It's from the father's incentive breakfast set,
my junior high school graduation.
Oh, I remember this picture.
I'd really like to pick up grandpa at the railroad station.
Railroad stations are in our ports.
Grandpa always tells us he'll get here by himself.
He's something.
Is this all grandpa stuff?
I did.
But I'm curious if you bags with him on the train.
What's inside?
I don't know.
It's locked.
I want to put some of my good hangers in grandpa's closet.
You know?
I'm very excited about his arrival.
But you're too.
She was in college early this morning.
She's unhappy because she's had to go to Chicago on a business.
trip and can't leave till tonight.
She wants to be here for grandpa.
Well, grandpa will be disappointed too.
He loves Susan.
She always reminds him of Grandma.
Well, how's everything here?
Fine.
We were just wondering about this trunk.
It's locked.
Oh, I have the key.
Grandpa said it to me.